# The Axes Objects

Retina provides `Fovea2D` and `Fovea3D` axes which subclass the generic Matplotlib `Axes` class.
As such, the various Fovea Axes retain all of the functionality of the Matplotlib Axes while at
the same time providing support for the attaching and handling of layers.

Additionally, the `Fovea` abstract class provides a generic template specifying those methods
which must be implemented by all subclasses of the various Fovea Axes types.

-----------------------------------

## The Fovea2D Class

The Fovea2D class implements an Axes type to which `Layer2D` instances can be attached and on
top of which they can be built.

-----------------------------------

**Class-Level Properties**

`name`: The string specifying the `projection` type of the Axes.

**Developer Note**
To be brief, Axes in Matplotlib are generated by a `projection_registry` class which generates Axes
instances based on a projection argument provided. Since the Fovea Axes are not native to Matplotlib
we use the `name` attribute to specify our own unique `projection` identifier. The value of the
string is irrelevant so long as the choice stays consistent across the package. For the sake of your
sanity, we advise that you leave this value unchanged.

----------------------------------

**Class-Level Methods**

None at this time.

----------------------------------

**Instance-Level Properties**

`layers`: A dictionary of `Layer2D` objects attached to the axes.
`active_layer`: The currently active layer.
`tracker`: The diagnostic tracker object associated with the axes.

----------------------------------

**Instance-Level Methods**

`__init__(self, *args, **kwargs)`: Instantiates the class. `*args` and `**kwargs` are passed to the
Matplotlib Axes constructor. Please see the Matplotlib documentation for a description of the possible
values.

`add_layer(layer, **kwargs)`: Instantiates a new `Layer2D` object with a name passed as the `layer` argument.
`**kwargs` are passed to the `Layer2D` constructor.

`get_layer(layer)`: Returns the layer with the given name, provided that such a layer is attached to the Axes.

`save_layer(layer, *args, **kwargs)`: Saves a snapshot of the artists in the layer with name `layer`
to an image file or pdf. `*args` and `**kwargs` are passed to the `matplotlib.pyplot.savefig()` function.

`showcase(layer)`: Showcases the given layer by setting that layer to visible while hiding all other layers
associated with the Axes.

`delete_layer(layer)`: Deletes both the layer object and the Axes' reference to it.

`build_layer(layer=None, *args, **kwargs)`: Builds and renders a single Axes layer. This method must be called
after applying certain changes to a layer object, such as setting its style. The most iimportant kwarg is
`plot` which specifies the pyplot function used to plot the layer data. `plot` defaults to the default
`pyplot.plot()` function.

`build_layers()`: Builds all layers attached to the Axes using the default `pyplot.plot()` function.

----------------------------------

## The Fovea3D Class

The 3D analogue of the `Fovea2D` class. It inherits from `Fovea2D` and implements all of the methods defined
therein. It also subclasses the Matplotlib `Axes3D` class rather than the more general `Axes` class.


